All right guys welcome back.
Let's wrap up the tools section of Jarvi.
Remember tool section is pretty much all the magic happens so that's why we're spending the least amount
of time getting to know each one of these little tool tabs.
Now last I actually we covered reposts So we're going to move along to users and hash tags.
Now do you guys watch the section on optimizing your hashtags.
We actually use the Jarvi hash tag tool.
So I would check that out there specifically.
There's nothing really here that plays into your zombie strategy.
The only thing I do use this form with zombies is occasionally like once every two weeks coming in here
and what I'll do is scrape a bunch of hash tags that are related to something.
So you go here to search and I might search for Takk and then see what it gives me and then what I would
do is just take a bunch of these that I think are related like tech technology not techno.
That's music tech life blah blah blah.
Make sure it has a decent amount of public posts remember.
Use the same strategies you've talked about before.
Make sure you're not picking gigantic ones like Realistically I wouldn't pick technology it's way too
big or any of these really I'd pick some kind of medium middle of the road ones.
But once you pick them then I can have it scrape a minimum number of hash tags if I want to know what
this will do a little force it to say give me 50 suggested or similar hashtags related to ones I picked.
So what I can do then is search related hash tags and it will.
It takes awhile but it will give me 50 that are related.
Those ones I did know what I'll do is then copy and paste those over into my zombies.
And that's an easy quick way of refreshing your hash tags.
I'm sure there's a better way of doing it but it's pretty quick and easy.
Now here's one more section we've got like comments and then will wrap up after this with story of your
with like comments.
Basically what this does is it looks for commentaries and it likes them.
I don't have to get too specific about the settings here because this is wholly dependent on how many
comments you get but in general make sure that it's doing it the same period of time that your counter-service
be awake and make sure that you have a healthy kind of in between for seconds that you might like something
again.
Think about a human being like if you read my comments.
I like something how long it take me to read the next comment before I like it so you can get I think
pretty aggressive with this one.
I could lower this down quite a bit and I think it's pretty normal to like easily like one to five in
each operation and then wait a very short period of time because again assuming you're on the post that
would be pretty normal and then obviously you can drill down here by not for instance liking comments
that are English.
This is really just to save your bot time.
If you get these wrong or you don't put a lot of time into them it's not really going to kill you because
it doesn't really matter.
Glassing worth checking anything is just a story of you or this is something I occasionally do and just
because it's one of those things it's like a curve ball you can throw in there to make your account
look as real as possible and not everybody uses this perfectly fine but I generally like to make sure
that my accounts watch oh I don't know.
I don't think I have it between five and 10 posts now.
Keep in mind each post has a story so with here looking at stories and clicking now would be a singular
post and then I have it waiting like so every 30 minutes.
It checks out a story something like that and then I have a cap so that it mostly views a certain amount
per day.
You wouldn't want this bot.
That's just a story consuming machine.
Also keep in mind it's going be dependent on how many people you're following.
So if you're unfallen quickly after you follow these some of these settings aren't going to matter because
you're not going to that many people even view stories from.
OK so the last thing worth checking out is the copy settings function and that's extremely useful when
you have lots and lots of zombies.
Right so what you would do is if for instance I wanted my own technology to be the main account or to
have all the settings I set up for this one applied to other ones I can copy settings and then what
I can do is copy.
I can send it to other accounts and then over here I can tell specifically what function or what setting
I want to send.
So if I spent a lot of time on my story viewer or on my like bot I could go and only specifically send
the functions from that.
Now specifically here it's going to give me the functions that are whichever tab I had open so I had
the follow section open and it automatically here is checked all the things that I personally have set
and I can send that to another account so that account to be created before like I did click this and
then I could just send it all of the same settings that I have.
Now one thing I think it's pretty important that I didn't have check was remove poor quality sources
but I get it OK.
And then if I were to switch over to the new account so I would just click Tools again.
And then scroll down and find it
so down here is a new account that we created.
That's technology today.
Now if I look at my follow it should have Barodia So it has the same settings.
It might be missing a couple because I didn't check every single box but that's a cheap easy way of
applying it to a bunch of these so if you spent say an hour and a half creating 30 news zombies or whatever
and it's a good idea to batch them you could then take your main account and then send the settings
to them so you're not going through every single one and setting the settings yourself.
Now also keep in mind a lot of these settings can be dynamic especially when you get to like repo's
transcends.
We set those captions and depending on what you put here it could be a bunch of wild cards.
So you're not going to have the same exact caption.
It could actually just be random.
So if you're really smart about it you can kind of design your settings to not be the exact carbon copy
every time you copy and send them to a new account.
All right guys I think that's going to pretty much wrap up our coverage of Jarvi.
I showed you the settings that I use for my account what I like.
Keep in mind I tweak these often.
OK.
And it's something that you will want to tweak often as well and that's why earlier in the day on the
zombie section I talked about the sweet spot of how many accounts you should have if you're only going
to do five or ten.
It's not worth it because the amount of work you have to do is significant.
And as you add another 50 or another 20 or hundred you start using a lot of these settings like copy's
settings over and just or even using things like creating the accounts like using the global tool account
creation.
So you're not going to have the same amount of maintenance time per new account.
So you just keep that in mind.
In general Jarvi is not like something you're going to pick up and figure out in the first 20 minutes.
I give you a pretty big headstart because you can just copy my settings use when I'm using but keep
in mind I changed quite a bit.
I like to tweak.
I like to experiment and then kind of see what's happening.
All right guys.
That being said I'll see you in the next hour.